Random scripts that I have on my Arch Linux system. Might update periodically in the future.

These are mainly kept here for archival purposes, so some scripts might not be very useful to others. For example swap-lang.sh swaps my system language between English and Greek, but I doubt many people would find that useful, like ever, except for people like me.

**activity-tracker/** is my favorite set of scripts. The purpose is to generate a productivity report on shutdown. (see shutdown.sh which runs a script under **activity-tracker/**. The productivity report lists which programs I used (based on which windows were focused) and based on that (and which webpages were visited, which it fetches from 
 qutebrowser's history.sqlite file) generates a report (see the LaTeX file!) as a .pdf. The intention is to make it send an email to my accountability partners so that we can stay productive. It even pastes the entirety of my search history in the last session into the productivity report. As an addition, I have a script that opens a notes.txt file in my home directory, a sort of place to include reflections, thoughts, as well as explanations of what I did in the day. That file is then incorporated into the LaTeX file before the .pdf is generated. There's really not much fancy stuff going on in these scripts, and I did use AI to help me with some of this, but it's really not that complicated and it was really fun to work on. I am still working on it so this is probably not the final form of these scripts.
